improvements of broker protocol and silent token refresh (#75)
siemens/linux-entra-sso: PRIVACY.md

with a generic URL. The returned token is injected into all http requests
hitting the Entra ID login URL.

### Note on required and optional host permissions

We use the `WebRequest` (Firefox) or `declarativeNetRequest` (Chrome) API to
inject the `PRT SSO Cookie` into requests targeting the login provider. To support
this, we need the permission to access your data on `https://login.microsoftonline.com/`.
This permission is (usually) requested at extension install time (required permission).

For single-page applications (SPAs, like the Teams PWA) that perform automated token
refreshes in the background, we further need the permission to access your data on
the corresponding domains. To minimize the number of permissions we request, we provide users

> with the ability to grant these permissions on a case-by-case basis via the extension's UI or policy settings.
> Once granted, users can also revoke these permissions through the same interface.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the ability to grant these permissions on a case-by-case basis via the extension's UI or policy settings.
Granted permissions can also be revoked through the same interface.

```

I think this expresses the same idea slightly more clear.

With a start like "Once granted" I expect something that "I can finally do" but also "I want to do it right now". While it is technically also true that I can revoke permissions only after I granted them, it's usually not wanted to be done right after granting them.

Reviewer 2: (github sucks: click on "unresolve", and your comment draft goes to /dev/null)
I'm still missing a description of what the user needs to do / can expect after installing the addon. I understand that I want to grant access to https://login.microsoftonline.com right from the beginning. But what's next? I enable also access to "all websites"? Or I rather wait until some app tries to re-login, fails, creates some entry into addon UI which I then can use to add individual website access?
